22447 Add Cooling infrastructure modeling (#22517)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/models/dcim/coolingintake.md

Reviewer: Model documentation for CoolingIntake is missing the cooling outflow assocation.

# Cooling Intakes

> A cooling intake is a device component which represents a coolant intake on a device, such as a server cold-plate inlet or a coolant distribution unit (CDU) intake. A cooling intake optionally references the upstream [cooling outflow](./coolingoutflow.md) which supplies it. The [cooling feed](./coolingfeed.md) an intake belongs to is derived from the rack in which its device is installed, rather than referenced directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cooling intake is a device component which consumes coolant, such as a server cold-plate inlet or a coolant distribution unit (CDU) intake. A cooling intake optionally references the upstream [cooling outflow](./coolingoutflow.md) which supplies it. The [cooling feed](./coolingfeed.md) an intake belongs to is derived from the rack in which its device is installed, rather than referenced directly.
```

> A cooling intake is a device component which consumes coolant, such as a server cold-plate inlet or a coolant distribution unit (CDU) intake. It **receives** coolant from the cold, supply side of a loop (see [cooling](../../features/cooling.md) for the overall flow model). A cooling intake optionally references the upstream [cooling outflow](./coolingoutflow.md) which supplies it. The [cooling feed](./coolingfeed.md) an intake belongs to is derived from the rack in which its device is installed, rather than referenced directly.

Reviewer: > The cooling feed an intake belongs to is derived from the rack in which its device is installed, rather than referenced directly.

Delete this?
